#408 Adjust readme for setting up new spark-infrastructure helm chart to account changes for *all* locally used values helm files (#409)
boozallen/aissemble: extensions/extensions-helm/extensions-helm-spark-infrastructure/README.md

    - [aissemble-thrift-server-chart](./aissemble-thrift-server-chart)

> Certain settings must also be applied to each of your SparkApplications. The following entries should be added to each

Reviewer: A:
```suggestion
The following settings must also be applied to each of your SparkApplications to enable pipeline execution on local developer machines. By default, this includes each
```

data-delivery pipeline's `resources/apps/<pipeline>-dev-values.yaml` file.

> If other modules with apps to deploy data-delivery pipelines locally are present, the change must also be applied to the helm value files they leverage as well

Reviewer: I: This should probably be cherry-picked to the 1.9.3 patch
